Expand trace filter query language reference and improve discoverability (#4470)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/export-traces.mdx

## Use filter query language

> For more complex queries, you can use the filter query language. The examples below cover the most common patterns. For the full operator and field reference — including all comparators, filterable fields, value formatting rules, and a quick-reference example table — see [Trace query syntax: filter query language](/langsmith/trace-query-syntax#filter-query-language).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more complex queries, you can use the filter query language. The following examples cover the most common patterns. For the full operator and field reference, including all comparators, filterable fields, value formatting rules, and a quick-reference example table, refer to [Trace query syntax: filter query language](/langsmith/trace-query-syntax#filter-query-language).
```
